feat: add SendGrid handler (#11)
agrc/supervisor: api.md

### Attributes

- `message_handlers` (List): Notifications will be sent via all handlers in this list
- `logger` (Logger, optional): Logger object to use in global exception handler

> - `log_path` (Path, optional): Path to a logfile to attach to exception messages

Reviewer: **question**: exceptions messages are the emails or whatever thing the handler decides to do?

Author: here, message means email, yeah. I'll clarify this.

You'll instantiate a single Supervisor object to handle messaging and exceptions for the client program (whatever program you're wanting to automate through Windows Task Scheduler).

> The optional logging arguments on the constructor can be used messages in the exception handler. The `logger` will be used to log any errors caught by the exception handler. `log_path` will be added as an attachment to any exception messages.

Author: ```suggestion
The optional logging arguments on the constructor can be used by the exception handler. The `logger` will be used to log any errors caught by the exception handler. `log_path` can be added as an attachment to any exception messages sent by the registered `MessageHandlers`.
```
